{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16800\viewh16300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs34 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Reflection\

\fs24 \
\ulnone Websites that have inspired my site are Nomadic Matt (nomadicmatt.com), Inside the Travel Lab, (insidethetravellab.com), Eat This Poem (eatthispoem.com), and The Travelling Light (thetravelinglight.com).\
\
I\'92m most proud of the nav bar, with its drop-down menu and fixed position, the header images, and the display for the headlines.\
\
	I had a really hard time with the entire design process. The root of the problem, I think, is that my own design aesthetic, limited as it is, runs to the complex, intricate side, while internet design allows for white space to be used to accent content instead of filed with content. So, I struggled to simplify my design in order to allow the content to be the star instead of the design. In addition, because my site is a blog and content-heavy, I struggled to find a way to represent each section of my site on the homepage without overwhelming the page with words.\
	My final project ended up so far from the wireframes that I did at the beginning of the course, but instead of focusing on new wireframes when I realized that I was unhapy with my design, I quickly brushed through some thumbnails and then did trial and error on the page instead. I think that, while I\'92m still a novice, I really need to adhere better to the process of idea->website, otherwise I fear I may develop bad habits.\
\
	During page development, my most consistent struggle was determining which element\'92s margin/padding to adjust when I had elements embedded within one another.  For example, my nav bar had <a> within <li> within <ul> within <nav> within <div>, and I actually even drew out a color-coded diagram by hand to help me visualize the effect of changing padding and/or margins on each individual element. This was a struggle that I rather enjoyed, though, because I learned so much from it, especially as it applies to lists.\
\
	I think \'93learn,\'94 isn\'92t quite the term for what I gained during the responsive part of the project. It was more like, \'93got hit in the face,\'94 or, \'93had my eyes opened to everything I never thought to consider.\'94 Even though I likely won\'92t stray away from this, I learned how much trouble positioning elements horizontally can give me as the page scales down. Paradoxically, I learned the value of making objects bigger on the page when I looked at putting them on smaller pages. This even made me realize that they should be bigger in a desktop-sized screen. I learned that you can\'92t forget to copy anything into smaller media queries, or else you get elements bouncing sizes as you decrease the size of the page. Also, of course, I learned the hamburger menu, and how it really demands attention to detail to make it work. \
\
\
\

\fs34 \ul Review Group 1\ulnone : businessoffashion.com\
\

\fs24 	The focal point is definitely the business logo, and from there, it flows nicely to the splash image. The logo is set apart by a large amount of white space and the typeface, which calls to mind newspapers and professionalism and something to take seriously, maybe to counterract the notion that fashion is frivolous. The nav bar is clearly separated with white space and typography, and then there\'92s a different nav bar organized by interest at the top, further expanding the options of the site. \
	Other then very limited, specific spots like the nav bar and buttons, the same serif font is used across the page, which helps to make it feel like a magazine or newspaper and adds to the consistency of the site. It\'92s very clear to read both as a large, bold headline and as the smaller paragraph font.  \
	The layout for this site is really busy, without a whole lot of white space between content, which is also reminiscent of a newspaper, so they seem to have a consistent theme. This kind of layout keeps you scrolling because you can always see the start of the next article from the end of the previous one. The sidebar is nicely separated with a slightly more gray background and is used to advertise for fashion-related items around the web. \
	Also, the color scheme is very subtle, only rare hints of blue and burgundy, which lets the photos give color and life to the site, which makes it feel sophisticated. \
\
\
\

\fs34 \ul Review Group 2\ulnone : warnerbros.com/spacejam/movie/jam.htm\
\

\fs24 	I loved this movie when I was a kid. \
	The homepage layout is pretty simple and very 90s, which brings back all kinds of fun memories. The way all the navigation items are orbiting the logo definitely follows the theme of the movie. Judging it by today\'92s standards, the background stars and the way all the nav items taper off at the ends of the type are incredibly cheesy, but I think the page gets away with it because it fits the era in which this movie came out. Also, I think that the navigation presents the options clearly despite the dated appearance, so the vibrancy really just contributes to the theme. \
	In regard to the layout of the pages in relation to each other, I think that the intermediate page you get taken to when you\'92ve clicked on one of the navigation options is unnecessary. I know how tempting that is, as I\'92m trying to figure out how to layout pages with a lot of sub-pages myself, but I think it would be more succinct to have it all on one page and have a nav bar to take you down the page, like the outline at the beginning of wikipedia articles. \
	The typeface of the headlines definitely draws attention with its outlandish form and bright colors. The sans-serif of the pictures on the pages in limbo looks like it\'92s straight out of 90s video games which is in context, but would likely seem out of place on any new site, since 90s kids would always associate it with the old nintendo system and that would distract from whatever they\'92re actually trying to convey. Additionally, the sans-serif font in the images doesn\'92t go very well with the serif font beneath it. It seems to hint that at the time, there weren\'92t a whole lot of options. \
	Overall, I would say that the flow of most of the pages and between pages is a little abrupt and jerky, with page elements laid out on lines so specific they\'92re practically visible and awkward limbo pages between the homepage and content. That being said, the entire ensemble takes you back so clearly to the 90s era that, at least in my case, I find it easy to forgive shortcomings. While this site isn\'92t necessarily the pinnacle of web design, it\'92s certainly consistent. 
\fs34 \
\
\
\
\
\
}